What is monkey patching?
What is decorator? Write decorator?
What is diff between PIP and Conda?
From where PIP installs the library?
what is lambda function in python
what is namespacing  
what are different scopes in python
what is difference between module and library in python
oops concepts, what is inheritance in python
what is join in database types of join, 
what is pass by value and pass by reference in python
property in python 		
datastructure in python
datatypes in python, explain each with functionality
why list is mutable
what is differece between mutability and immutability
what is hashing mechanism
what is the difference between == and is operator related to function
Difference between (try/except/finally) and (try/except/else)?
How to write our own exeption in python?
differece between .pyc and .py
how memory is manage in python?
differece between append and extend?
differece between unique and distinct
how map is work in python?
why use lambda function
differece between function and lambda function?
what is closure and its usecase?
what is decorator? How you used in your project?
differece between tuple and list?
differece between normal for loop and list comphension?
explain call by value and call by reference?
How iterator can be used to generate the generator?
Difference between xrange and range?
Data type of xrange(1, 10)?  
Advatage of Python?
What is MRO?
Concept of Iterator?
What is deepcopy? Diff with shallow?
What is super?
Int is immutable then A = 2 A = 4 how?
How python manages the memory?
What is context management in python? Ex. with open
What are the magic methods?
1*2*3*4*5*6* - print on console?
How u use the numpy in ur project?
What is static and class method?
What is diff between threads and subprocess?
Advatage of multithreading ?
What is lock threading?
What is threding in terms of operating system?
Where the python object get strored?
What is list comprehension?
What is python dispatcher?
How threads are managed?
What is synchronous and asynchronous?
How to convert python2-3?
Faster list or dictionary? And why?
How python manages memory?
Write a programme for banking system.
Diff between __new__ and __init__?
What is micro services?
How django manages the heavy load?
How load management done in django?
How to connect to diff microservices?
Which WSGI server used?
How to redirect to another server in case of heavy load?
What is gunicorn?
What is multithreading?
Difference between list and tuple
Program to remove repetative elements in a list
What is negative indexing? Give a live example where it was used
What is slicing in a list? How do you achieve it
Are array used in python? If yes give an example 
Difference between xrange and range
What are decorators? Name and explain few built in decorators?
Can decorators be customised? Give an example of its use in any of your projects.
What is a constructor? Why is it used?Give an example of its use in any of your projects.
What will be the logic if the output should be generated after 5 seconds using sleeptime logic once an object is called?
What are generators? What are its benefits? How are they different from iterators?
What are the different OOPs concept? How have you used them in your project?
Types of inheritance? What is hierarchial inheritance? Give an example of it.
A program to add all digits in an array.
What are views in SQL? 
What are different ways to connect to a destination server using AWS?
Why is lambda function used? Give an example where lambda function can be used.
Write a program to find even numbers in a list in an ascending order using lambda function.
Give a real life example where tuple was used. Could it be replaced by a list? If yes/no. What is the reason?
Give a real time example where lambda function was used.
What are the different testing methods used by you?
What is significance of using Unittest and pytest? Which is better method
What is the command to run a test?
How do you achieve a test in unitesting?
Are duplicates used in a list? How to remove duplicates from a list?
What is alaising and cloning?
What is shallow copy?
How to overcome limitations of shallow copy?
What is deep copy? Explain its advantage over shallow copy with an example

Managerial
Questions
Basic introduction
Which databases have you worked upon?
Tell me something about your current role and responsibilities.
If we ask you to lead a team for a certain duration, what are the qualities you want your team members to have as a team leader? Why?
Are you comfortable if we ask you to learn a new technology which may change your current profile for a certain task? Are you flexible enough to accept it?
How is daily life at your organization?
What do you know about this company? What appealed you more to join this company?
Do you have any questions for us?  *Always ask questions. Only appropriate questions related to your role, daily life, company future goals,how is your small contribution going to help


1	How to fetch keys in a dictionary?
2	How to fetch both key and value from a dictionary?
3	Why is isinstance used?
4	Write a program to find the sum of all elements in a list.
5	Name few core python libraries and their use.
6	What is the use of libraries asynchio and redis?
7	Which are the different OOPs concept?
8	What is meant by multilevel inheritance? Give an example of it
9	Explain constructor overloading in python
10	Which GIT command is used to navigate between branches?
11	Why do conflicts arise while using GIT? How to resolve the conflictts
12	What is self variable? 
13	What is an instance method?
14	What are class methods and static methods?
15	Difference between class and static method.
16	Why do we use class method and static method? Their significance
17	Name a few linux commands you have worked with?
18	Linux command to find a file?
19	Why is grep command used?
	
Programs	
Sr. No	Question
1	s = "India       is      my      country"  .   This string has random spaces in between words. Remove the spaces. Final output ----- "India is my country".Same problem solve with list comprehension
2	"Best Time to Buy and Sell Stock
You are given an array prices where prices[i] is the price of a given stock on the ith day.
You want to maximize your profit by choosing a single day to buy one stock and choosing a different day in the future to sell that stock.
Return the maximum profit you can achieve from this transaction. If you cannot achieve any profit, return 0.

Example 1:
Input: prices = [7,1,5,3,6,4]
Output: 5
Explanation: Buy on day 2 (price = 1) and sell on day 5 (price = 6), profit = 6-1 = 5.
Note that buying on day 2 and selling on day 1 is not allowed because you must buy before you sell.

Example 2:
Input: prices = [7,6,4,3,1]
Output: 0
Explanation: In this case, no transactions are done and the max profit = 0.

Constraints:
1 <= prices.length <= 105
 0 <= prices[i] <= 104"
3	Consider a list l = [1,3,8,2,7,9] .   Print all the combinations with the elements of list whose sum is 10. Sum of only two elements is allowed
